# Breeze Icons

This is a Conan recipe to use KDE's [Breeze Icons](https://invent.kde.org/frameworks/breeze-icons)
in non-KDE projects.

## Usage

This is not a code library.  Linking with any targets created by this recipe
will do nothing.

Instead, add the generated QRC file to your build sources.  This file lives in
a resource directory generated by the recipe; how to refer to this file depends
on the generator.  For example, with CMake generators, the path is
`${BreezeIcons_RES_DIRS}/breeze-icons.qrc`.  See the documentation for your
generator for further details.

## Options

- *pattern*: A regular expression to use when packaging icons. When this is supplied, only icons names matching this
  pattern will be included. Do not include the file extension, size, or category.
  For example:
  
    - `qt-breeze-icons:pattern=list-add|list-remove` matches:
        - `actions/16/list-add.svg`
        - `actions/16/list-remove.svg`
        - `actions/22/list-add.svg`
        - `actions/22/list-remove.svg`
    
  Not setting this option will include all icons; this can increase the size of
  the resulting binary by ~25 MB.

## Versions
Because of this set's origin, available versions correspond to the Qt releases.
Qt is only necessary when building the package, not when consuming a pre-built
set.

| Qt   | Use version |
| ---- | ----------- |
| 5.14 | 5.78.0-rc1  |
| 5.13 | 5.77        |
| 5.12 | 5.76        |
| 5.11 | 5.65        |
| 5.10 | 5.59        |
| 5.9  | 5.54        |

## License
The icons are currently licensed under the GNU LGPL 3.0.  See
[here](https://invent.kde.org/frameworks/breeze-icons/-/blob/master/COPYING-ICONS)
for information on how this applies to the icons.
